README.md, before:

# Harry Potter Dangerous Beasts Registry

## Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures - Beast Division

This application is a registry of dangerous beasts under the care of Wizards and Witches. 
The users of this application are employees of the Beast division at the Department for the Regulation and Control of 
Magical Creatures at the Ministry of Magic. I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter series, in particular the beasts
depicted in the story, which inspired me to create a project with a Harry Potter theme.

## User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to create a new beast and add them to the beast registry with the following specifications.
    - a unique id
    - beast's name
    - species
    - species specific warning
    - classification
    - gender
    - owner's name
    - familial relation
    - extra notes (free text)
- As a user, I want to be able to view the list of beasts in the registry
- As a user, I want to be able to select and view a list of beasts of a specific species
- As a user, I want to be able to select and view a list of beasts under a specific owner
- As a user, I want to be able to select a beast in the list and modify or add new details to that beast


[comment]:<> (An example of text with **bold** and *italic* fonts.)

Commit message:

Project Phase 2 - 2 User Stories added

README.md, after:

# Harry Potter Dangerous Beasts Registry

## Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures - Beast Division

This application is a registry of dangerous beasts under the care of Wizards and Witches. 
The users of this application are employees of the Beast division at the Department for the Regulation and Control of 
Magical Creatures at the Ministry of Magic. I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter series, in particular the beasts
depicted in the story, which inspired me to create a project with a Harry Potter theme.

## User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to create a new beast and add them to the beast registry with the following specifications.
    - a unique id
    - beast's name
    - species
    - species specific warning
    - classification
    - gender
    - owner's name
    - familial relation
    - extra notes (free text)
- As a user, I want to be able to view the list of beasts in the registry
- As a user, I want to be able to select and view a list of beasts of a specific species
- As a user, I want to be able to select and view a list of beasts under a specific owner
- As a user, I want to be able to select a beast in the list and modify or add new details to that beast
- As a user, I want to be able to save the registry to file (if I so choose)
- As a user, I want to be able to load the registry from file (if I so choose)

[comment]:<> (An example of text with **bold** and *italic* fonts.)
